Start:
Another !e!day, another !e!Meck. (Use the number keys to make choices)
Intro1: Continue

Intro1:
You wake up fifteen minutes later than you usually do. Luckily you walk to school, so you won't miss the bus.
Intro2: Get ready quickly so as not to be late
Leisure: Get ready at exactly the same speed you usually do

Leisure:
You take your sweet time getting ready. By the time you leave the house, it’s already !t!7:15. Failure.
$reset: Start from the beginning of time

Intro2:
You rush to the door, and begin the tread to !p!School.
Intro3: Continue

Intro3:
It’s !t!7:10. You arrive at the !p!Student !p!Parking !p!Lot. You need to choose what to take out of your bag as you pass through the scanner.
Scannerpass: Take out your school-issued chromebook
Bagcheck: Take out your !s!chemistry notebook
Scannerfail: Take out nothing

Scannerfail:
Your failure to remove anything from your backpack leads to the manager of the scanner demanding you try again, this time with more effort.
Intro3: Continue

Bagcheck:
A security guard in a deep blue uniform probes your backpack for any unauthorized equipment. None is found, and you are off the hook. For now. In any case, if you go directly to class, you will still be on time.
Middle: Continue

Scannerpass:
You effortlessly glide through the security scanner, with no extraneous beeps emitted by the hi-tech obelisks. If you go directly to class, you will still be on time.
Middle: Continue

Middle:
You stand at the !p!southern !p!crossroads. The !p!media !p!center, !p!student !p!parking !p!lot, and !p!600 !p!building are all within reach.
Sixh1: Enter the !p!Six !p!Hundred
Media: Walk towards the !p!media !p!center
Studentlot: Walk towards the !p!student !p!parking !p!lot.
Middle2: Walk north, towards the !p!Four !p!Hundred

Middle2:
You stand outside under a vast web of metallic structures. The !p!Four and !p!Seven !p!Hundreds are very close.
Fourh1: Enter the !p!Four !p!Hundred
Sevenh1: Enter the !p!Seven !p!Hundred.
FourSevenPath: Go north, squeezing between the two
Middle: Go south, towards the !p!Security !p!Scanners
Middle3: Go east, towards the !p!Courtyard

FourSevenPath:
You walk down an excessively long straightaway of the East Meck circuit. You admire the plants is variously-shaped pots that are displayed in the Earth Science windows along the West side of the !p!Lower !p!Four !p!Hundred.
ConcreteRectangle: Visit the elusive !p!Concrete !p!Rectangle in the corner of the !p!700
Middle2: Walk towards the !p!Student !p!Parking !p!Lot
Pointy: Walk towards the !p!400 !p!Split

ConcreteRectangle:
You stand on one of the more bizarre regions of the East Meck Outdoors: A large concrete rectangle, engraved with Meck symbolics and decorated with two by three array of benches. You have heard rumors of this artifact resulting from some “outdoor classroom project”, but this myth remains unconfirmed. You notice some !d!DryeBux under one of the benches.
FourSevenPath: Leave this confusing spot
$dryebux: 3

Pointy:
You stand below what may very well be East Meck’s !e!Sharpest !e!Angle. This angle is formed by the steel rooves that characterize the grimier side of East, and represents a particularly important intersection.
SevenhGym: Follow the shinier canopy towards the !p!Staff !p!Parking !p!Lot
FourSevenPath: Walk towards the !p!Student one instead
Split: Follow the grimier canopy into the !p!400 !p!Split

Media:
You stand under the steel canopy around the entrance to the !p!Media !p!Center. The media center is closed. You know this because of a big, clearly hastily-written poster on the door explaining the presence of “Work-keys” testing inside. Despite the claim, you see what looks to be a fashion show occurring inside. It seems the only style fit for this contestant will be absolute maximalism.
Middle: Walk toward the !p!southern !p!security !p!scanners.
Mediaside: Walk around to the side of the !p!Media !p!Center.

Mediaside:
You are on the outside of the !p!media !p!center. A large puff of dust is blown into your face causing you to cough. You try not to let it bother you. You see a striped door and two heavily armed librarians. You also see a lonely !p!drum !p!shack though it seems incredibly locked.
Media: Walk back in front of the !p!media center
Drums: Walk to the !p!drum !p!shack
GuardedDoor: Try to sneak past the library guards
Automotive: Gaze at hot rods in !s!automotive !p!shop
Staffparking: Walk into the !p!staff !p!parking !p!lot
SevenhA1: Enter the obscure !p!700A !p!Building

Automotive:
You look deeply at the various cars. You are entranced by their shiny wax bodies and wonder what it would take for you to get a nice car like that. 
Mediaside: Shake off these thoughts and return to the side of the !p!media !p!center
Automotive2: Try to hop the fence and take a car

Automotive2:
Almost as soon as you make it over the fence you are tackled by a group of rowdy !s!automotive students. You are brought to the ground and your head slams against the concrete. You are knocked out cold.
$reset: Try everything again. From the top. 

Drums:
You try the handle but it is caged by an absurd number of locks, though it seems mostly held together by one linch pin lock that if it were to be unlocked, the amalgam would be broken loose. Maybe if you had the 4 digit code you could get in.
Mediaside: Walk back to the side of the !p!media !p!center
EnterCode: Try to enter the code

Drums2:
The !p!Drum !p!Shack is free from its shackles, and you are free to enter.
Mediaside: Walk back to the side of the media center
Shack: Enter the !p!Shack

EnterCode:
The lock seems very sturdy. You move to enter your first number
One: enter one as the first digit of the code
Two: enter two as the first digit of the code
Three: enter three as the first digit of the code
Four: enter four as the first digit of the code
Five: enter five as the first digit of the code
Six: enter six as the first digit of the code
Seven: enter seven as the first digit of the code
Eight: enter eight as the first digit of the code
Nine: enter nine as the first digit of the code
Zero: enter zero as the first digit of the code
Mediaside: cut your losses and head back to the media center

One:
You enter a one. This was the first number that came to your mind.
OneOne: Enter another one
OneTwo: Shake it up by entering a two
OneX: Shake it up by entering a three
OneX: Shake it up by entering a four
OneX: Shake it up by entering a five
OneX: Shake it up by entering a six
OneX: Shake it up by entering a seven
OneX: Shake it up by entering a eight
OneNine: Shake it up by entering a nine
OneX: Shake it up by entering a zero
EnterCode: Hit the big “reset” button

Two:
You confidently enter “2”. An interesting choice, if slightly unoriginal. You start to become so overwhelmed by the vast game tree of possibilities for future digits that you reset the device in a panic.
EnterCode: Continue

Three:
Three. The most East Meck number of all, for it reminds you of all of East’s trinities: The main buildings ( !p!600, !p!4000, !p!5000 ), the three media organizations, and of course the reverse dialectic you are participating in now. This line of reasoning brings you down a rabbit hole of thought that ends with a rabbit hole rabbit telling you the first digit must have been a one.
EnterCode: Restart in order to learn from your mistakes
Mash: Ignore the rabbit, it was not real, just in your imagination

Four:
Visions of rectangles and rhombuses fill your mind. You march on, towards drum closet victory.
FourX: Choose “one” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “two” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “three” as the next digit.
Fours: Enter more fours over and over
FourX: Choose “five” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “six” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “seven” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “eight” as the next digit.
FourNine: Choose “nine” as the next digit.
FourX: Choose “zero” as the next digit.
EnterCode: Begin from the start of this numerical journey

Five:
You are so indecisive that you basically just split the possible options down the middle and narrow in on the boundary between. At this point you are too committed to this symmetry to disrupt it by choosing a particular side.
Five2: Enter another five
EnterCode: Reset

Six:
You are reminded of a feature in some game regarding the number six that you never quite understood. It just wasn’t helpful at all. Who knows.
SixX: Enter a one
SixX: Enter a two
SixX: Enter a three
SixX: Enter a four
SixX: Enter a five
SixX: Enter another six
SixX: Enter a seven
SixX: Enter an eight
SixX: Enter a nine
SixX: Enter a zero

Seven:
You randomly choose seven as your guess. You know this guess has only a measly 1 in 10 chance of working, but nonetheless you continue.
SevenOne: seven one
SevenX: seven two
SevenX: seven three
SevenX: seven four
SevenX: seven five
SevenX: seven six
SevenX: seven seven
SevenX: seven eight
SevenX: seven nine
SevenX: seven ten
EnterCode: Just start over at this point

Eight:
You cautiously prod at the “eight” key, probing for what kind of reaction the machine will give. Not much: Only a prompt for another digit.
EightX: Tack on a one to the code
EightX: Tack on a two to the code
EightX: Tack on a three to the code
EightX: Tack on a four to the code
EightX: Tack on a five to the code
EightX: Tack on a six to the code
EightX: Tack on a seven to the code
EightX: Tack on another eight to the code
EightX: Tack on a nine to the code
EightX: Tack on a zero to the code
EnterCode: Don’t even bother trying

Nine:
Your greed consumes you, and you involuntarily reach for the biggest digit of all: Nine. Still high off the magnitude of such a large number, you refuse to stoop much lower.
NineSeven: Enter a seven
NineEight: Enter an eight
NineNine: Enter a nine
EnterCode: Start over in a less greedy way

Zero:
You start moving your hand towards the “zero” key, but stop yourself before the silicone is depressed. “Does zero even count as a number?” you ask yourself. “Am I even doing any of this right?” You reset the device before this existential crisis goes too far.
EnterCode: Continue

OneNine:
The device reads “nineteen”. What next?
OneNineX: Enter a one.
OneNineX: Enter a two.
OneNineX: Enter a three.
OneNineX: Enter a four.
OneNineFive: Enter a five.
OneNineX: Enter a six.
OneNineX: Enter a seven.
OneNineX: Enter an eight.
OneNineX: Enter a nine.
OneNineX: Enter a zero
EnterCode: Restart the process.

OneNineFive:
Five. A bold choice. Three down, but no !e!three’s down. One to go, but potentially no !e!one to go.
Wrong: Enter a one.
Wrong: Enter a two.
Wrong: Enter a three.
Wrong: Enter a four.
Wrong: Enter a five.
Wrong: Enter a six.
Wrong: Enter a seven.
Wrong: Enter an eight.
Wrong: Enter a nine.
CorrectCode: Enter a zero.

CorrectCode:
Bingo! The code was entered effortlessly. The lock pops open, and the dense web of other locks of various shapes and sizes falls down at once. The door swings open and you enter the !p!shack.
^Mediaside^Drums^Drums2^Shack: Continue

Shack:
You stand in the middle of the !p!Drum !p!Shack. There is an awe-inspiring variety of drums, and you feel sad for the way they are kept in captivity here, rarely being allowed to show their colors to the world.
Drumplay: Try your hand at the drums
#Rummage: Rummage around on the floor looking for who knows what
Drums2: Exit the !p!Shack

Rummage:
You go down on all fours, looking under every drum for anything out of the ordinary. Amazingly, you do find something: An old cassette tape, labeled “BEAGLER INTERVIEW”. Unfortunately it seems that the first half of the tape is missing...
Shack: Continue

OneNineX:
Another digit hits the floor of East Meck. Right after the button-press is completed, a very minor earthquake strikes. The keys on the keypad are shaken out of their respective enclosures and scatter on the ground. You lean down and reorganize the digits into the correct spots, but by the time you are done, the system has automatically reset your progress.
EnterCode: Continue

NineNine:
You didn’t even know this level of greed was possible, and let alone possible from YOU. The greed transforms into rage as you realize you won’t be able to get more than four 9’s on the keypad at once. It is in this fit of rage that you reset the device.
EnterCode: Continue, more peacefully

NineEight:
Reminiscent of the classic “1234” strategy, you contemplate adding a seven on to this alternative string of digits. You decide against it, and instead reset the device.
EnterCode: Continue

NineSeven:
Easily the most bizarre choice out of the options your greed provided you with. Your greed is subsumed by your eccentricity, and only the strangest digit of all presents itself as an option.
NineSevenThree: Enter a three
EnterCode: Start over in a less eccentric way

NineSevenThree:
This feels promising. Nine seven three. Why, you are not sure. But it does.
NineSevenThreeFour: Enter a four.
EnterCode: Give up now

NineSevenThreeFour:
A big red li9ht flashes a7 exactly th3 rate that causes a mild seizure. You recover, but recover in pain, 4 you are burdened with the unfortunate knowledge that your code you were so confident about was wrong.
EnterCode: Try again, but be more realistic this time

FourNine:
You feel like you’ve cracked the code. “Parker! Of course he’s behind this!”
FourNineFive: Excitedly enter a five

FourNineFive:
You press the five anticipating the big green light to turn on, and perhaps to hear a prerecorded message congratulating you. But nothing happens. You wait. Nothing happens. And then it hits you: This wasn’t a three digit code you were after. It was four.
EnterCode: Try again

OneTwo:
Dare you? Dare you continue the pattern? You dare.
Count: 123456789
EnterCode: Reset the device

Count:
The buzzing of the device indicates to you that this was not the correct strategy.
EnterCode: Try again

OneX:
Okay, so if you’re just going to hit random numbers, you might as well quit for good.
EnterCode: Restart

EightX:
Another digit falls upon East Meck. What now, seeker of the drums?
EightXX: One it is.
EightXX: Two it is.
EightXX: Three it is.
EightXX: Four it is.
EightXX: Five it is.
EightXX: Six it is.
EightXX: Seven it is.
EightXX: Eight it is.
EightXX: Nine it is.
EightXX: Zero it is.
EnterCode: Cut this line short

EightXX:
As the final decision confronts you, you are reminded of your humble beginnings with the digit Eight. Not so humble, perhaps, since you could turn your head to make more of an infinity sign. Snap back to the present.
Wrong: End it with a one.
Wrong: End it with a two.
Wrong: End it with a three.
Wrong: End it with a four.
Wrong: End it with a five.
Wrong: End it with a six.
Wrong: End it with a seven.
Wrong: End it with an eight.
Wrong: End it with a nine.
Wrong: End it with a zero.
EnterCode: Turn back right at the home stretch.

Wrong:
A loud buzz. Incorrect! Better luck next time.
EnterCode: Continue

SevenOne:
You accidentally enter a three instead. While you could continue on this new path, you were so dead set in your mind about your intended route that you refuse to, and reset the panel.
EnterCode: Continue

SevenX:
You accidentally enter a one instead. While you could continue on this new path, you were so dead set in your mind about your intended route that you refuse to, and reset the panel.
EnterCode: Continue

SixX:
You feel sick to your stomach. You’ve clearly made a bad move somewhere.
EnterCode: Trust your gut and restart
Mash: Full steam ahead

Five2:
A second five has been played. What now? You are even more committed to the symmetry now, and there is no turning back.
Five3: Yet another five

Five3:
Another one. Another one. Another one.
Five4: Another one.

Five4:
BUZZ! Well, it was fun while it lasted, but it seems this was not the appropriate strategy.
EnterCode: Continue

FourX:
You enter another key, after the square-esque initial four. Who are you kidding? Everyone knows you don’t know the code, and at this point you are just insulting everyone’s intelligence by acting like we don’t know. Give up. Give up. Give up.
EnterCode: Try again

Fours.
You add more fours. Then more. Over, and over, and over again.
Fours: Just keep going
Mash: Accidentally slam your open palm into the keypad
EnterCode: Give either “up” or “it another go” 

OneOne:
You enter another one. You jokingly wonder to yourself if the answer will really be that simple.
Ones: Just keep hitting one over and over
Mash: Hit random keys to offset the previously imposed pattern structure
EnterCode: Hit the ever more attractive “reset” button

Ones:
You keep hitting the button “one”. Every fourth button press, you hear a loud buzz and a flashing red light. You are too boneheaded to realize what this means.
Ones: Keep going
Mash: Switch to a new strategy
EnterCode: Start from square one

Mash:
You keep hitting random buttons on the high tech button pad. Your ears are assaulted with a rapid string of buzzing noises. What could it all mean?
Mash2: Keep going
Ones: Switch to a new strategy
EnterCode: Try again being more methodical this time

Mash2:
All of a sudden you hear a bell. You must have missed your opportunity to get to first block on time. Oh well. You start making your way there but you are met with a stampede of your classmates rushing out excited to return to their everyday lives. You realize that that hadn’t been the 7:15 bell but rather its afternoon counterpart. How long had you been mashing? Hours? Days? You decide to head back home to collect yourself. All that mashing made you tired anyways.
$reset: Head home and take a nap

Studentlot:
You stand at the boundary of the !p!student !p!parking-lot. Your eyes become lost in the dense variety of vehicles. You snap back to reality and realize you cannot progress this way, as leaving campus now would be an explicit violation of the Student Code of Conduct.
Middle: Turn back before it is too late
Church: Push your luck and attempt to escape

Church:
You have made your way all the way out to the !p!East !p!City !p!church but you can tell the security is hot on your tail and it is not worth it to get on their bad side as it could have serious repercussions down the road (tranquilizer dart to the head).
Middle: Head back and try to redeem yourself


Sixh1:
You stand at the most beloved end of the !p!Six-Hundred. You look ahead into the depths of the building, and see what looks to be some kind of party occurring further down.
OrchBand: Enter the !s!Orchestra / !s!Band !p!Room
Choir: Enter the !s!Choir !p!Room
Bartkowiak: Enter !c!Bartkowiak’s !p!Classroom
Roberts: Enter !c!Roberts’ !p!Classroom
Dunn: Enter !c!Dunn’s !p!Classroom
Cellocloset: Enter the !p!cello/bass !p!storage !p!closet.
Sixh2: Continue along the hall
Middle: Exit out the classic door

Sixh2:
You stand in the heart of the !p!Six !p!Hundred. The epicenter of the famous East Meck Grime that has sullied all of these old buildings over time. You hear fairly loud music being played to your East. !c!Mr. !c!Henry is sitting in an inverted desk grading papers. There is a fire extinguisher panel that has been installed upside down next to the exterior door.
Henry: Enter !c!Henry’s !p!Classroom
Sifford: Enter !c!Sifford’s !p!Classroom
MsMiller: Enter !c!Miller’s !p!Classroom
Sixh1: Head towards the !p!Media !p!Center
Sixh3: Head towards the !p!Cafeteria
Sixh4: Head towards the !p!Courtyard
Nook: Exit through the exterior door

Henry: 
Attempt to access !c!Mr !c!Henry’s room but his desk is blocking the entry. It would be a bigger problem if you had business to handle their 

Sixh3:
A teacher is playing music at an earsplitting volume. You are panicking and can’t focus enough to even figure out where you are. You do see !c!Mr. !c!Watts standing though, and think his room might provide refuge.
Watts: Enter !c!Watts’ !p!Room
Komito: ???? Classroom ????
Sixh2: ???? Direction ????
CafeLobby1: ???? Direction ????

Watts:
You enter !c!Mr. !c!Watts’ classroom and are astounded by the economic delights. Your eyes are drawn in a thousand different directions at the various artifacts he has somehow procured (assumingly via his insanely deep pockets.) !c!Mr. !c!Watts is chatting with a student about a smuggling job. 
Eavesdrop: Stick around and try to eavesdrop
Sixh3: Try to get out of there before things get dangerous

Eavesdrop: 
They are discussing the need for a mule to bring a large payload of sludge all the way to the 495000 on !c!Mr. !c!Edde’s request, in an attempt to dodge !c!Drye’s newly imposed sludge tariffs. They say they would be willing to give !d!seven !d!DryeBux to any one willing to brave the task. 
Sludge1: Volunteer, taking the opportunity to potentially raise your status in the East Meck econsystem

Sixh4:
You are at the most bustling corner of the !p!Six !p!Hundred. Students - some familiar, some not - pass you from all directions. The bathrooms are being guarded by three different teachers looking in different directions. There are two external doors with differing signage.
Sixh2: Go South, towards the Heart of the building
Sixh5: Go towards the !p!Cafeteria
CourtyardCorner: Exit through the door labelled “EXIT ONLY, PLEASE USE THIS DOOR”
CourtyardCorner: Exit through the door labelled “ENTRANCE ONLY, YOU MUST USE OTHER DOOR”

Sixh5:
You are at the more scientifically-inclined appendage of the sprawling creature that is the !p!Six !p!Hundred. There is a door to the !p!Cafeteria !p!Lobby here.
Johnson: Enter !c!Johnson’s !p!Room
Walston: Enter !c!Walston’s !p!Room
Dean: Enter !c!Dean’s !p!Room
Sixh4: Go down the hall to the corner
CafeLobby2: Enter the !p!Cafeteria !p!Lobby

Walston:
You are in the front of !c!Mr. !c!Walston’s class. The students all look like they feel betrayed. You ask one of them why, and she says that everyone thought the class would be about oceanography (as Infinite Campus alleged), but the class is almost entirely about worms. One worm documentary after another. Another !c!Shtudent, decked out in Zeagle merch, explains how they are required to memorize 15 worm phyla before the test next week. He slides you some !d!DryeBux. 
Sixh5: Exit to the hall
$dryebux: 3

CafeLobby1:
You stand at the South end of the !p!Cafeteria !p!Lobby. There are hinged mahogany doors that lead to the !p!Six !p!Hundred, and somewhat bluer doors leading to the !p!Cafeteria as well as to the !p!Outside !p!World (though those are permanently locked). The boys’ bathroom is encumbered by a large table placed intentionally in front of the entrance, halving your options in this department.
Sixh3: Enter the !p!Six !p!Hundred
CafeLobby2: Continue down the !p!Lobby
Cafe1: Enter the !p!Cafeteria
Security: Enter the !p!Security !p!Room

Cafe1:
It is quiet in the !p!cafeteria, for the bustling !p!cafeteria workers working hard to prepare the upcoming day's delicacies and packing up the breakfast. There are a small number of breakfast goers but they all seem to be heading out to their respective first blocks.
Cafe2: Head to the other door where !c!Drye and friends sometimes hang out during lunch
Cafe3: Head to back corner of the !p!cafeteria by the infamous !c!Backwall !c!Eagle
Cafe4: Walk across to over by the microwaves
Cafelobby1: Exit the !p!cafeteria
LunchCounter: Try to get some last minute breakfast 

Cafe2: 
You see sprawling tables and not much else. There are some students finishing up breakfast but none are in the mood for idle chatter and are all focused on finishing their food with enough time to get to first block.
Cafe1: Head toward the lunch line
Cafe3: Head toward the !c!Backwall !c!Eagle 
Cafe4: Head toward the microwaves 
Patio2: Exit the !p!cafeteria out to the !p!patio

Cafe3:
You are before the !c!Backwall !c!Eagle. Though his wisdom is pseudo-infinite (as indicated by his !e!QR-Code !e!Eyes) you feel drawn to ask him about the one topic that dominates your mind day in and day out: how to gain power at East Meck.
$hint: Ask him about !d!DryeBux
Cafe1: Go towards the lunch lines
Cafe2: Go towards the front tables
Cafe4: Move along the back wall to the microwaves
Patio2: Exit the !p!Cafeteria, and move outside

Cafe4:
You stand in the !p!cafeteria, next to a small set of microwaves. You wonder what kind of catastrophe must have occurred here for there to be so many warning signs explaining what is and is not allowed in the microwaves.
Cafe3: Move along the Backwall to visit the !p!Giant !p!Eagle
Cafe2: Move towards the tables in the front
Cafe1: Move towards the divisive lunch lines

CafeLobby2:
You stand in the middle of the !p!Cafeteria !p!Lobby. There are doors to the !p!Six !p!Hundred, and of course the !p!Cafeteria. The !c!Marines, !c!Army, and !c!Navy seem to have mutually declared war on one another whilst fighting over whose turn it is to occupy the central table today.
CafeLobby1: Walk South, towards the !p!Student !p!Parking !p!Lot
CafeLobby3: Walk North, towards the !p!Auditorium
Cafe2: Enter the !p!Cafeteria
Sixh5: Enter the !p!Six !p!Hundred

CafeLobby3:
You are in a hallway that is usually described as part of the extensive !p!“Cafeteria !p!Lobby”, though the !p!Cafeteria is not accessible directly from here. You reason to yourself that this is probably due to the fact that this zone is permitted during lunches. In any case, the neon red Zeagle poster on the wall enchants you.
AuditoriumLobby: Enter the !p!Auditorium !p!Lobby through one of the million components of this large array of doors
Courtyard2: Exit to the !p!Courtyard
Fourway: Walk towards the northern part of the !p!Old !p!Building
CafeLobby2: Walk south, towards the !p!Cafeteria

OrchBand:
You stand in the center of the vast !s!Orchestra (but at other times !s!Band) !p!room. The floor is littered with cellos, each with their respective end-pin protruding dangerously. The sun bounces off the intricate matrix of trophies and blinds you temporarily.
Middle3: Walk outside the exterior door.
Orchcloset: Walk into the !p!orchestra !p!closet.
Bandcloset: Walk into the !p!band !p!closet
BandOff: Glimpse into the band office
Sixh1: Leave into the !p!Six !p!Hundred !p!hall

Bandcloset:
You stare at the endless array of instruments, and are dazzled by the variety. You see a sticky note on the wall. On the sticky note text reads “1950”. It seems something about this number is integral to the operation of the band.
OrchBand: Exit the closet

Middle3:
You stand in a particularly familiar subregion of the East Meck Outdoors. The conveniently labeled doors to the !s!Orchestra and/or !s!Band and !s!Choir !p!rooms present one avenue of opportunity, while the industrial deep blue of the !p!Courtyard entrance presents another.
CourtyardCorner: Go through the ear-piercing metal slam-doors
OrchBand: Enter the combination !s!Orchestra + !s!Band !p!Room.
Choir: Enter the !s!Choir !p!Room.
Middle2: Walk west
Zigzag1: Walk north, towards the new buildings
Nook: Walk into the enclosed walkway leading to the !p!600

CourtyardCorner:
You stand in the middle of a cramped corner of the Courtyard. Your ears are being constantly assaulted by the slamming of the big blue doors next to you. The mural that explains all the stuff you can do after you graduate is very inspiring.
CareerCenter: Enter the !p!Career !p!Center
Middle3: Exit the !p!Courtyard
Courtyard1: Continue up the wall under the !p!courtyard !p!roof
Courtyard2: Drill deep into the Heart of the !p!Courtyard

Courtyard1:
You stand under the rooved portion of the !p!Courtyard. You can still see a small amount of salt left on the tables here. You can tell that this is the most popular spot for breakfast enjoyers.
CourtyardCorner: Go towards the blue !p!Courtyard !p!Doors.
Courtyard2: Walk to the middle of the !p!Courtyard
Student Services: Enter !p!Student !p!Services

Courtyard2:
You stand under one of the large central trees of the !p!Courtyard. You observe students sitting on the ad-hoc brick protrusions lining the ground, neglecting the purpose-built yellow benches. You admire the mural of Parker holding up the administrators of East Mecks by marionette strings, artistically codifying his role as East Meck’s !e!Grand !e!Puppeteer.
CafeLobby3: Go inside, near the !p!Auditorium.
Couryard1: Walk to the sheltered region of the !p!Courtyard.
CourtyardCorner: Walk to the corner of the !p!Courtyard, near the blue Exit.

Nook:
You stand in an isolated Nook surrounded on all sides by classic !p!600 !p!Sprawl. As you walk, you repeatedly check behind your shoulder to make sure no adversaries are utilizing the low-visibility environment to sneak up behind you.
Middle3: Walk outwards, away from this corner
Sixh2: Enter the !p!600

Zigzag1:
You stand on the south side of a Zig-zagged footpath. You see the alternative route that has been plowed out behind the central row of trees, but you would never stoop to the level of those people.
Middle3: Move south
Zigzag2: Move north
Transformer: Inspect the large electrical transformer

Transformer:
You study the irreverent graffiti that coats the shield of East Meck’s central power converter. To get a better look, you open the panel and stick your face in. You are blown back by an extremely loud electrical sensation and fall to the grass. You get up slowly, and close the panel, protecting everyone else from this fate.
Zigzag1: Continue

Zigzag2:
You stand on the north side of a Zig-zagged footpath. You see door entrances dotted around the !p!400 wall.
Zigzag1: Move south
Splitoutside: Move north

Splitoutside:
You stand under a steel roof. The dingy !p!400 !p!split and the nonspecific !p!300 !p!building are available through the two directions parallel to the canopy. On the perpendicular side of things, the outdoor region enclosed by East’s buildings continues further.
Threeway: Enter the !p!Three !p!Hundred
Split: Enter the !p!Split
Zigzag2: Walk towards the !p!Student !p!Parking !p!Lot
Outsidestairs: Take the stairs towards the !p!Thousands
Slope: Descend the gravel slope instead

Slope:
As you brave the sheer cliff-face, you hear the whirring of the gigantic air conditioning unit beside you. Bats are flying out of the red brick chimney. Water is leaking onto the ground from some unidentifiable sub-apparatus.
Center2: Go towards the classrooms of the future
Splitoutside: Go towards the classrooms of yesteryear

Oursidestairs:
You climb the lame stairs, leaving the slope to rot on the side.
Center2: Go towards the classrooms of the future
Splitoutside: Go towards the classrooms of yesteryear

Center2:
Abcxyz
Slope: Ascend the Southbound cliff face
Outsidestairs: Take the stairs instead
Fivekback: Go North to the back of the !p!5000
Fivekside1: Go East to the side

Fivekback:
You are outside at the back of the !p!Five !p!Thousand. You look up, and see the opposing forces of East Meck colliding and annihilating one another, creating a safe haven below.
Fivek1: Enter the !p!Five !p!Thousand
Fnfenter1: Continue into the !p!495000
Center2: Turn back towards the !p!Hundreds

Fnfenter1:
You enter through the barbed revolving doors. The barbing is painful, but you know that it is necessary for state security.
Fnf1: Continue

Fnfexit1:
You exit through the barbed revolving doors. You are relieved to leave this poorly-conceived intermediary.
Fivekback: Continue

Fivekside1:
You are at the Grimier side of the !p!Five !p!Thousand. The ground is at a 45 degree angle, and there is a staircase upon the incline to compensate.
Center2: Go towards the back of the building
Threeh3: Enter the !p!Three !p!Hundred
Trap1: Enter a grassy region that will certainly lead through to the other side of campus
Fivekside2: Go towards the !p!Bus !p!Lot

Fivekside2:
You are on a flat concrete plane that wraps around the South-East Corner of the !p!Five !p!Thousand.
Oneh2: Enter the !p!One !p!Hundred
Trap1: Enter a grassy region that will certainly lead through to the other side of campus
Fivekside1: Go towards the back of the building
Fivekfront: Go to the front of the building

Fivekfront:
You stand outside the front of the !p!5000. You can just barely smell the pungent fumes of incredible food from the nearby culinary rooms. You are fascinated by the inaccurate !e!“500 !e!BUILDING” sign that has somehow stood the test of time.
Fivekside2: Walk around the building, towards the !p!One !p!Hundred.

Fnf1:
You stand on the Old side of the !p!495000. There is a long line of people waiting to have their passport scanned to enter the !p!Four !p!Thousand. The classrooms have all been moved to the new upstairs to accommodate the ever-growing passport checking operation.
Fnfstairwell: Enter the shiny new stairwell
Fnfexit1: Escape to the classrooms of old
Fnfpass1: Attempt to pass though to the other side

Fnfpass1: You enter the passport line. After what feels like an eternity, you are finally second in line. The person in front of you is expelled for having out of date documentation. You walk up to the stand, and present your state-issued ID. It clears. You walk through to the !p!4000 side.
Fnf3: Continue

Fnfstairwell:
You stand in the brand new !p!495000 stairwell. Pieces of the wall are still missing, highlighting how Parker is rusty on school maintenance.
Fnf1: Go downstairs
Fnf2: Go upstairs

Fnf2:
You stand in East Meck’s most peaceful hallway, now decorated with Parker memorabilia in addition to the older symbols of unity.
Gardening: Enter the !s!Gardening !p!classroom
Meditation: Enter the !s!Meditation !p!classroom
Scissorless: Enter the !s!Scissorless !s!Crafts !p!room
Fnfstairwell: Go down the stairs

Gardening:
You stand in the tranquil !s!Gardening room. The air is full of spores and pollen, which would compromise the peaceful atmosphere if not for the fact that N95 masks have been distributed amongst the students, preventing any earsplitting sneezes.
Fnf2: Exit into the hall

Meditation:
You tiptoe into the dead-silent !s!Meditation room, avoiding making a scene. A carefully-arranged array of students with crossed legs and closed eyes sit before you.
Fnf2: Slowly creep back into the hall

Scissorless:
You stand in the innovative !s!Scissorless !s!Crafts room. You observe the carefree students handling their projects fearlessly, knowing any potentially dangerous sharp points are far out of reach.
Fnf2: Gleefully waltz back into the hall

Split:
You stand in the middle of the bustling !p!400 !p!Split. There are myriads of people here, each one leaning on their officially-assigned steel pillar. You can still see the faint outline of the gargantuan Beagle poster on the wall.
Fourh2: Enter the Lower !p!Four !p!Hundred
Fourh3: Enter the Upper !p!Four !p!Hundred
Splitoutside: Go East, towards the !p!300
Pointy: Go West, towards the !p!700 and the !p!Gym
